1. List briefly the advantages and disadvantages of using sudo as set up on Ubuntu, and
of leaving the root account disabled. Ensure you understand what is being said in the
documentation.

Answer: 
	sudo provides root access to anyone who has been given privilege to use 
	the command. Users with privilige are defined as 'sudoers' and must provide
	a password when using the sudo command.

The benefits of sudo is the security it provides, as well as the extra users with root 
privileges. This can be useful for development teams.
It also logs access, so anyone who gets root access can be tracked.

Logging in as root is not possible, sudo will instead give administrative access to 
the user that is initialized at install.

BENEFITS OF USING SUDO
       The benefits of leaving root disabled by default include the following:

       * Users  do  not  have  to  remember  an extra password, which they are
         likely to forget.

       * The installer is able to ask fewer questions.

       * It avoids the "I can do anything" interactive login by default -  you
         will  be  prompted  for  a  password before major changes can happen,
         which should make you think about the consequences of  what  you  are
         doing.

       * Sudo adds a log entry of the command(s) run (in /var/log/auth.log).

       * Every  attacker  trying  to  brute-force their way into your box will
         know it has an account named root and will try that first. What  they
         do not know is what the usernames of your other users are.

       * Allows  easy  transfer for admin rights, in a short term or long term
         period, by adding and removing users from the sudo group,  while  not
         compromising the root account.

       * sudo can be set up with a much more fine-grained security policy.

       * On systems with more than one administrator using sudo avoids sharing
         a password amongst them.



DOWNSIDES OF SUDO:
	Using cd while using sudo will not work.

	Redirecting output must use pipes
DO: ls | sudo tee /root/somefile
	to ls a root file
NOT: sudo ls > /root/somefile

	If a system has 1 local root user only, and many imported network users,
	then that one user is responsible for everything if network fails.
	Extra local users, or a root password is necessary, in this scenario. 
	
-----

